# Calculating-Interest-With-or-Without-Monthly-Deposits
This project calculates interest on an account with an user-entered initial deposit, a user-entered interest rate, user-entered amount of years, and an user-entered monthly deposit amount. It then displays the amount in the bank account at the end of each year up to the user-entered year. It displays both the amount with the monthly deposit, and what the amount would be with no monthly depostit.
One thing that I beleive that I did well with this project is that I made the program easy to use for the user and displayed the information neatly. I also contained most of my code to functions with minimal entered into the main part of the program.
Something that I could have done with the code is implement classes to make the main part of the code less cluttered. I could have also included more input validation to ensure that correct information was being entered and the program would run smoothly.
I think that the most challenging part of coding this was implementing the loop to calculate monthly interest for the amount of years entered. It took a few times for me to write it and then re-write it before I found a solution that would work. 
One thing that I learned to do with this project was to take all of the user input from main and carry that over to several different functions. Learning how to do that made writing this project much easier.
To make this program more readable I added appropriate in-line comments throughout the code so anybody reading it can understand what is happening. This will also allow me to better edit it in the future by being able to see what is happening in each and every step.
